When I was a child, there was a wisp of wheat in the vase at the dining table. It was picked by my father. Every meal, looking at the bunch of ears of wheat, I will often be in a trance, see farmers sweating in the fields, see the wind blowing waves of wheat. Look down to see my own bowl of rice , I had a feeling of  duty to take it seriously . "Peasant day at noon, sweat under the soil. Who knows plate of food, grain are hard."  When I began to learn to talk, my grandpa taught me to read these sentences.

Last Valentine's Day, I prepared some flowers, some ears of wheat, standing in the square to sell the flowers my well prepared and send blessings for lovers. More importantly, paying attention to the children, send out my preparation of wheat ears. When I met babies, I'd get down on my knees and ask them if they had a good dinner, if they had any leftovers? 

'It is at noon that the sun hangs high up in the sky when the peasants are getting rid of the weeds in the paddy-fields. Their sweat runs down and mixes with the soil. Do you know that each grain of rice in your bowl is the result of their hardship and toil'

Most of the children will recite with me, happily hold the wheat ears, and then tell their parents to put it to which corner. In the moments I recited the poems with the children, I felt that some of the moments in my life were overlapping, and it was the poems that connected them. I began to think about the beauty of poetry. 

There are many common images in poetry, these images express Chinese-style aesthetics, carrying the elegant feelings of Chinese people, but also represents the Chinese-style symbols. Wheat signifies harvest and hope, willow means farewell, and not all of these objects are static, some of which display a different beauty because of their dynamics, such as the Moon, the full moon represents reunion, the waxing and waning of the moon symbolizes reunion and separation. (type of image) is often when we see something, cause us to some thoughts or feelings.

“Lighter and better suited than horses are straw sandals and a bamboo staff,
Who's afraid?
A palm-leaf plaited cape provides enough to misty weather in life sustain.”

This is a poem by Su Shi, who was going through a rough patch in his life, and was going out with a friend when he was caught in a storm. He didn't care about the rain, just as he was optimistic about the other setbacks life had given him. Or lonely, or love, in the face of different things, different people always have a different state of mind, from the poet at all stages of poetry changes, we see their lives, emotions. It's like we have a friend whose poetry is his heart, and it's much more interesting how you interpret those words, depending on your logic. May See Mountain is a mountain, see water is water, also may see Mountain is not a mountain, is life frustration, see water is not water, is the tenderness of the bottom of the eye. The same image constructs the different artistic conception, the different taste reads the derivation different emotion.